Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but People stealing your merchandise? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but Making no sales? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but Banking app losing signal? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but Someone trashing your stand? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but Having a poor location? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to Meet other local vendors/establish connections but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but People stealing your merchandise? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but Making no sales? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but Banking app losing signal? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but Someone trashing your stand? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but Having a poor location? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to Visit all the stands at the market but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but People stealing your merchandise? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but Making no sales? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but Banking app losing signal? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but Someone trashing your stand? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but Having a poor location? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to Have a friend/family member help run your stand but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but People stealing your merchandise? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but Making no sales? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but Banking app losing signal? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but Someone trashing your stand? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but Having a poor location? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to Have a unique stand compared to other vendors but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but People stealing your merchandise? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but Making no sales? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but Banking app losing signal? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but Someone trashing your stand? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but Having a poor location? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Have a lot of interest from potential buyers but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but People stealing your merchandise? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but Making no sales? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but Banking app losing signal? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but Someone trashing your stand? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but Having a poor location? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to Have nice weather but Receiving negative criticism on items? (R6,C6) 
